<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    xmlns:pm="http://primefaces.org/mobile">
    
    <f:view renderKitId="PRIMEFACES_MOBILE" />
    
    <h:head>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="main/css/sh.css" />
    </h:head>
    
    <h:body>
        
        <pm:page id="main">
            <pm:header title="Lazy Load"></pm:header>
            
            <pm:content>
                <h:form>
                    <p>Pages in a multi-page view can be loaded lazily on demand to improve initial page load time. These lazy pages might not even be
                    accessed by the user so loading them with an on-demand approach has a significant speed boost with many pages in a single view. To mark
                    a page to be lazy loaded, enable lazy option.</p>

                    <p:link outcome="pm:lazy" value="Go to Page 2" />
                </h:form>
                
                <h2>Source</h2>
                <p:accordionPanel activeIndex="-1">
                    <p:tab title="lazyload.xhtml">
                        <pre class="brush:xml">
&lt;!DOCTYPE html&gt;
&lt;html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    xmlns:pm="http://primefaces.org/mobile"&gt;
    
    &lt;f:view renderKitId="PRIMEFACES_MOBILE" /&gt;
    
    &lt;h:head&gt;

    &lt;/h:head&gt;
    
    &lt;h:body&gt;
        
        &lt;pm:page id="main"&gt;
            &lt;pm:header title="Lazy Load"&gt;&lt;/pm:header&gt;
            
            &lt;pm:content&gt;
                &lt;h:form&gt;
                    &lt;p&gt;Pages in a multi-page view can be loaded lazily on demand to improve initial page load time. These lazy pages might not even be
                    accessed by the user so loading them with an on-demand approach has a significant speed boost with many pages in a single view. To mark
                    a page to be lazy loaded, enable lazy option.&lt;/p&gt;
                
                    &lt;p:link outcome="pm:lazy" value="Go to Page 2" /&gt;
                &lt;/h:form&gt;
                                
            &lt;/pm:content&gt;
        &lt;/pm:page&gt;
        
        &lt;pm:page id="lazy" lazy="true"&gt;
            &lt;pm:header title="Lazy Page"&gt;&lt;/pm:header&gt;
            
            &lt;pm:content&gt;
                &lt;h:form&gt;
                    &lt;p&gt;This page has been loaded on demand just before navigation. It is now cached and accessing it again does not trigger a new load.&lt;/p&gt;
                    &lt;p:link outcome="pm:main" value="Go Back" /&gt;
                &lt;/h:form&gt;
            &lt;/pm:content&gt;
        &lt;/pm:page&gt;
        
    &lt;/h:body&gt;
    
&lt;/html&gt;
                        </pre>
                    </p:tab>
                </p:accordionPanel>
                
            </pm:content>
        </pm:page>
        
        <pm:page id="lazy" lazy="true">
            <pm:header title="Lazy Page"></pm:header>
            
            <pm:content>
                <h:form>
                    <p>This page has been loaded on demand just before navigation. It is now cached and accessing it again does not trigger a new load.</p>
                    <p:link outcome="pm:main" value="Go Back" />
                </h:form>
            </pm:content>
        </pm:page>
        
        <script language="javascript" src="#{request.contextPath}/resources/main/js/sh.js"></script>
        <script language="javascript">
            SyntaxHighlighter.all();
        </script>
        
    </h:body>
    
</html>